
> This is amazing this is amazing OK now I want you to do the following There's an idea in my mind that I want to create a new page like as you 
can see now we have recording page we have settings page we have students page I would like to create a new page and I would like to call it 
prompts prompts library OK prompts library In this place I would like to see I would like like each user each each user will be able to create 
just like I create a you know a table for students a table for sessions et cetera I would like to have a table for prompts each user will be able
 to have his own prompts because let's be honest some users maybe want to have specific needs specific like like they want the design of the 
homework to be in a specific way they wanted to happen in one way and they want to have control over it so we have created the button that allows
 us to add context and it's amazing it's wonderful like it uses the original prompt right and uses the original prompt that II added but now we 
are asking now we we want to allow users to use like to keep this idea but in addition I want to create a new table a new a new page called the 
prompts library and the the teachers will have prompts right they will have beautiful prompts They have built them with themselves They paste        
them OK they go and they write whatever they want and whenever they press regenerate like let's say they did the like the automatically generated    
 homework they wanna press regenerate now they see a pop up screen that tells them hi if you wanna regenerate you can like add context it's great    
 it's wonderful But not only that I want to add context I want now to have them in the field like in in in in now they can add like like either      
they can add context or they can entirely pick a new prompt and when they pick a new prompt they pick it from the table or from the page that        
they have created so for example if say I've created five prompts I see the prompts that I've created in front of my eyes now since I have 
created those prompts so I've created this library in the back right and then the prompts library and I see those prompts come to me and I I'm       
allowed right now to regenerate from them I press like they say the prompt number one you know press prompt number one and suddenly now the 
original prompts get displayed by this prompt that I have written in the in the back right and and like I've written this prompt and immediately     
when I press add a new prompt in the prompts library page Later in the if I want to generate I can add it I can if I want to generate using this     
prompt like let's say I create a prompt called my own style and summary prompts right then if I press regenerate whether it's homework or summary    
 I don't know I see the names of those prompts and I press one of them and I press regenerate or continue or and generate like when I press it       
now the generation happens with my own prompt that I've already created this is something that always comes to my mind because it's super 
important to have context right so tell me tell me how we can do this Yeah yeah let's let's let's let's really look at this let's really look at     
this So I have another idea OK the context the context add context block right now that we see is wonderful it's like amazing it's a piece of art    
 But as you know we have a default prompt that I've created Now what I want right now when a user resses add a prompt like I'm sorry regenerate      
they see the context window which is still at the top but they get to pick which prompt to use it's it is it is it the default if it's the 
default they just press you know they keep the it's already it's always going to be selected as the default right but if they want to create a       
new if they want to use a prompt they had that they have created they can select another prompt from the library below they will just see list of    
 prompts the first one always going to be the default because we have created the default and some people might find it great but sometimes they     
want to create their own prompts and those prompts are going to be dependent on the user right so the user will pick whatever prompt they want to    
 do for them to regenerate again this is a very ambitious thing to do I want you to again chat with me see that you understand it and if you         
really understand it and if you think this is a doable idea show me how are we going to do it so that we can implement it later on steps don't do    
 anything right now just chat with me